This assignment took a while for me to complete, or somewhat complete. It might not be as great looking now, I had a lot of trouble trying to make what I had in mind, but the results are just as good. Doing this on my own wasn't easy. I would need a lot of help to make it look more modern. 
At the start of this assignment, I decided to use one of my old portfolio files I haven't yet completed. There wasn't much to work with, mostly just the homepage. I tried to do the most I can to make it look like a portfolio website. 
I'm not the greatest at coding, as you can see with this website. I can't think of solutions for myself, always looking online or asking for help. The background is a little bland. I tried to insert a background image, but it wouldn't show no matter what I did, so I left it with a purple background to match the theme, royalty. I did display one of my work I have done in the past, which is the video you first see in the homepage. The photos, I used a link from lorempixel.com, which displays different images everytime you refresh the page. I couldn't use much of my own images, as it would have to be from online for it to show on the website properly. The other two videos I have placed in the portfolio page, I took from youtube and made sure it was copyright free. You can easily look it up if you want to make sure for yourself. This entire website is totally mine, only the photos and videos, I have used from online. Now, the video on the homepage is my own video from highschool, one I am very proud of making. The one mistake I made, was not using a copyright music, and I couldn't find the one with the fixed music, so please don't be mad about the music in that video. 
Now, for the problems I have faced in this assignment. I tried to used all necessary files. Though, the only file I had the most problems with was Javascript. I couldn't get anything I put to work, and I was only gonna put a back-to-top button, but sadly, I couldn't make it show and work. So, I decided not to use Javascript to make it easier on me. Another problem I have faced was making the content keep centered or stay in the same spot when moving to a smaller screen size. I for two of the pages, they worked, but the other two took a longer time to make the text shrink and keep in the center of the page. As I fixed most of the problem, in the end, one of the videos will not move to the center of the page when it is in desktop view. 
The assets for my website are, the images from lorempixel.com, the videos in the portfolio page are from youtube, and the fonts are from google fonts online. That's all the assets I used for my website, everything else is my own. 
I hope you are ok with what I worked hard doing. I tried my best with the knowledge I was able to remember from your lessons and previous classes, which isn't very much if you ask me. 
I wish you the best and have a great holiday!